-- Week 1 -- 
Decided on what our project should be, and decided between tutor management and task management. Task management would be
something that is similar to AirTasker or Fiverr, and would allow users to be able to ask for services to be provided, and also
providing a platform for task service providers to be able to offer their services. 

-- Week 2 --
Decided to work on providing a pet service provider. We will be offering up services on pet grooming, 
pet sitting and other pet related services, and began drawing up the Jira tickets, and filling them 
out with acceptance criteria, user stories and a description. 

-- Week 3 --
Set up the server architecture, and modelled it visually. I also finished writing up the user stories, the
descriptions and acceptance criteria for the Post List and Post Q&A Jira tickets. For the proposal, our 
team has finished most of it, and I finished writing the drawbacks of the Mad Paws system, as well as 
adjusted the background to reflect the changes in the overall task management system. 

-- Week 4 -- 
Started working on the coding aspect, and started learning about Next JS, how it could be used for the routes.
Then I worked on using react JS, and using UseStates and UseEffect to be able to dynamically update the web page. 
Worked on the Find Posts section and getting it to actually dynamically change. Also learnt about Tailwind CSS and using it
to make the website more aesthetic with animations that make it seem professional. 

-- Week 5-- 
I got it to actually dynamically change based on the search. I also worked on getting a pop up filter to work 
and it is a versatile tool that can be used by users to refine their search results based on the date. I had a few
problems working on getting the pagination for the website to work, and getting it to always default to the first 
page to dispaly. I also worked on being able to refactor parts of the code, making variable names more readable as well. 

-- Week 6-- 
Started working on the next sprint and was tasked with rating a carer. However, to be able to rate carer, this needed
payment, task completion and notifications for both of these actions to be complete. Therefore, I worked mainly on 
task completion to ensure this critical component was finished before I could move onto finishing the enable feature. 
Had to incorporate how notifications work- initially I thought I had to insert directly into the notifications table. 

-- Week 7-- 
Had to fix a lot of bugs, and had to fix the notifications message multiple times. There was also some issues with 
excessive fetch requests from Supabase, which I fixed with the comments from Matt. We also showed the product to the
tutor, who suggested some improvements to it.

-- Week 8 --
Worked on the actual ratings of the user. Had to redo this a few times, especially the notifications for the ratings 
as Matt suggested a lot of improvements. To be able to do this, I had to setup a new "ratings" table and also had to 
set up a new SQL view which allowed me to find the average rating for all of the users. After working through it and 
incorporating feedback, I was able to get it functional. 

-- Week 9 -- 
Focused on being able to upload the image. This required for me to learn how Supabase buckets work, and how to 
manipulate their policies such that the permissions allow for a certain type of user to make changes. On top of
this, I had to learn how to upload an image to that bucket, which I ran into a lot of issues as I kept uploading 
the wrong URL to the bucket. It was with the help of Alex, that I was able to do so and fix the error.

-- Week 10 -- 
Worked on being able to edit the image, which was also not an easy task, as I needed to combine both the image in 
the ViewPost, uploading that image, and also updating that image. I spent a long time trying to change the image, 
as first it ended up being a null image, and after making some changes -> the website ended up displaying the old
image. It was only until I started actually adding in an extra random digits after the path to signify a new unique
path, that I was able to get it to update the image.