-- Week 1 --

    15/09/23
    During Week 1, we discussed which project we wanted to do. 
    We decided on project 18, given our areas of expertise, and I told the tutor our preference.

-- Week 2 --

    21/09/23
    During Week 2, we wrote user stories as a team.
    Delegated work to be completed. Mine is storyboard / flow. 
    Decided on the next meeting: 10am Sunday.

    Talked with our project client over teams to clarify how we were meant to distinguish the
    roles/permissions. We also decided to specialise on the initial specification - we chose a
    pet tasker platform.

    22/09/23
    I hopped on a discord call with Matt and Alex, and we discussed some of the user stories. 
    Matt and I worked on some pages in our Figma design, such as the landing page, 
    form page, and available jobs page.

    23/09/23
    I made some minor edits to our proposal document.
    I also added a new page to the Figma design - the job overview page. This allows
    customers (pet carers) to view the details of a job, send a message to the pet owner, and a bid amount.

    24/09/23
    Today we had a group meeting, and we discussed the progress everyone had made.
    We discussed the marking criteria and organised work for each person to do by Wednesday night.

    26/09/23
    Today I was working on the Figma design, I changed up the profile page and hopped on a call with
    Matt to discuss some of the design choices. We began organising the pages into sections so we 
    could capture screenshots of the authentication flow.

-- Week 3 --
25th September -> 1st October

During Week 3, we began learning the stack. Alex was awesome and made some videos to show how to use the stack. 
Since I was there when he was making the videos, I was able to ask some questions about how to use the stack. We also
had a meeting with our client Dr Basem Suleiman and decided to specialise in a pet care application. I finished off
the system flow in the Figma design, and added this to the project proposal. I also wrote the background for the proposal,
which was later adapted to our specialisation.

-- Week 4 --
2nd October -> 8th October

In Week 4, I was working on what I had been assigned: Profiles and Profile Edits. As I am relatively unfamiliar
with the language and the stack, this involved a pretty steep learning curve. Some further work is needed to 
modularise the code (especially with the category icons).

-- Week 5 -- 
9th October -> 15th October

During Week 5, I continued working on Profiles and Profile edits. We also had a first demo. The night prior to the demo,
we hopped on a Discord call to merge in some of the unmerged branches. We also did a run-through of the entire application.
Alex and I met before the tutorial to do a practice demo. We found some bugs during this time, relating to posts and profiles.

-- Week 6 -- 
16th October -> 22nd October

During Week 6, my laptop screen broke, so I was unable to complete much during this week. Fortunately, this sprint
is three weeks, and not two, and Week 6 is flexibility week.
 
-- Week 7 --
23rd October -> 29th October

During Week 7, I put lots of time into the project to compensate for my broken laptop screen in Week 6. The work during Week 7
primarily involved working on Carer and Owner dashboards. This involved lots of changes to the previous way posts were being retrieved.
I had lots of fun making the UI look clean, and I made some creative choices within the limitations of the acceptance criteria.

-- Week 8 -- 
30th October -> 5th November

During this week, I finished off my section of Owner and Carer dashboards. The design was still relatively consistent with our initial Figma design. I also
made the landing page significantly more presentable in accordance with tutor comments, which Alex further edited
and helped make responsive. During the Week 8 tutorial we had our second demo and progressive. The previous night,
Owen, Matt, and I did a run-through of the application for a few hours. We purged bad data from the database and fixed
issues resulting from merge conflicts, especially those relating to dashboards. Matt took note of the issues that we saw.

-- Week 9 --
6th November -> 12th November

During Week 9, I began working on the messages functionality for the application. This involved
discussing UX design with the team on Discord, creating new tables in the database (chats and messages), 
creating a new tab on the nav bar, and began working on the chat list / chat cards, which is displayed on the 
/messages route. A few more tickets relating to messages are yet to be completed.

-- Week 10 -- 
TBC