-- Week 1 --
First team meeting and introduction. I offered to be the scrum master and everyone was fine with that.
We all agreed that P18 was our ideal project. Afterwards we agreed to the stack being comprised of nextjs,
Supabase and tailwindCSS. We also setup out Discord and Jira. We then agreed to split the work evenly.
I was to work on User Stories and Systems Architecture.

-- Week 2 -- 
I recorded a quick tutorial on basic Next.js and React. Fortunately, I have plenty
of experience with Next.js and this stack as a whole. In the lab we setup the github
and I setup the base Next.js repo. We then met with our client, Dr Basem Suleiman, where
we asked questions about our project. He recommended we specialise in a field. Which led
me to think we should do something developer related that sold github repos.


-- Week 3 -- 
After some team discussion we agreed to specialise our project in pet tasks like caring.
We caught up on Sunday and began to finalise our proposal which was due the coming Friday.
The user stories were a lot of the task and we ended up splitting the work evenly across the team.
I finished the Systems Architecture and began my assigned user stories as well as splitting the tickets
evenly across the three sprints. We finalised the proposal on Friday and I submitted with a day to spare.

-- Week 4 --
I started the week working on user authorisation and finished the login task. I added a bunch of helpers
for supabase to ensure it wasn't too difficult for others to use.

-- Week 5 -- 
We had our first demo and retro and they both went really well. I led the demo and had deployed our project
to vercel by copying the repo. Our progress was good this week and we were able to get a lot done.

-- Week 6 -- 
This week I worked on the notifications database as well as making a new api route for notifications. This
allowed me to write one helper and make notifications super simple. I also worked on 
making profiles accessible to other users through a dynamic page route.

-- Week 7 --
This week I worked on refactoring the post page to be a server page as well as adding likes and deleting to questions.
Refactoring the most complex part of our page from client to server enabled faster run times for user. Furthermore, it
decreased the complexity of our code and while I was able to do that it also allowed me to modularise all the components within the page.

-- Week 8 --
This week we had our second demo. We were provided feedback for what we had worked on in the past sprint. It went quite smoothly.
However, there were a few last minute changes I had to make prior to the demo for things that were not working as they hadn't been properly tested.
This is bound to happen but I think I need to make more effort in my peer reviews to ensure things are working as opposed to just checking if the code makes sense.

-- Week 9 --
This week I wrote and finalised the tickets for our last sprint. We are spending most of the sprint focussing on fixing and improving the quality of our product. 
I added file uploads for payment receipts on request of our client. I also have started writing our report and I've started with the overview of the architecture.

-- Week 10 --
Helped Tony with images and Luke with messages while finishing my own tickets. Final demo went well and happy with the feedback we received.