-- Week 1 --
First team meeting and introduction. Agreed on a scrum master, Alex. Agreed on
a project of choice, P18. Setup all communications on Discord and discussed meeting
times. Finished setting up all project management platforms, Jira etc.
We have also agreed to build the project using Next.js, which is based on Node js.

-- Week 2 -- 
Alex had delivered a great recorded tutorial on basic Next.js and I did further 
reading and experimenting on a basic Next.js project. During our lab session, 
we configured Github and initialised a base Next.js project. Furthermore, we
met with the client, Dr Basem Suleiman, where we discussed specifics of the
project. He noted that we should come up with a specialisation for the task
management platform. Some initial ideas were software development specific
task management plaftorm where we can integrate with github to manage tasks.
Another idea was pet caretaking tasks management.


-- Week 3 -- 
We ended up agreeing to take on the project specialisation of pet caretaking
task management platform. Team catchup on Sunday morning, discussed our proposal
that's due Friday. Allocated tasks for the proposal relating to User Stories. 
Specifically, I researched existing solutions to our project, including Madpaws,
PetCloud and Pawshake, and summarised drawbacks of each platform. One of our aims
is to fix these drawbacks if possible in our development of a pet caretaking platform.
Our Thursday meeting was organised and structured. We allocated our first development
tasks and agreed on point allocations for each User Story. I wrote about the novel
functionalities of our platform for the proposal, mostly relating to the bidding system
in place for tasks.


-- Week 4 --
After handing in the proposal, everyone was assigned their first tasks on Jira. I
was still learning much about Next.JS and React in general, so it took some time to
first get going. We had a meeting during the week and went over some basic implementation
using Next.JS, Tailwind CSS and some simple React functionalities. I was assigned
the "View Post" page and started implementing on Monday. I started with the front end work
and managed to build page using Tailwind CSS, which wasnt too difficult. The backend work, 
where the page communicates with supabase was tricky, however Matt was helpful in another
standup to show me a few pointers. I managed to complete the View Post task along with the
Add Bid functionality on Wednesday night. The rest of the group had done work over the
weekend and were mostly busy with other courses throughout the week, however we seem to be
in a relatively strong position and look to finish all of Sprint 1 before the first in class
demonstration.




-- Week 5 --
The implementation of all tasks in Sprint 1 were very well done and on time overall from
the team. Our first demo was completed on Thursday and it went very well. It was clear
from the start that our team had managed to implement a working MVP and were much ahead of
schedule in terms of the general project timeline. Having said that, there were definitely
a few points of improvement for our implementation. These included some redunant features
in the sign up page and lack of input validation for the Make a Bid feature. Given this,
we had planned out a retrospective through an online retrospective collaborating tool, which
was very useful in constructing our restrospective and gathering opinions equally from all
group members. Overall, our first demo went very well and the team will plan on allocating 
tasks for the next sprint early in Week 6.



-- Week 6 --
Week 6 is flexi week at UNSW. Alex and Matt had a meeting early in the week and allocated 
tasks for everyone for Sprint 2. The idea was to mix things up so team members could work
on a variety of things, rather than sticking to their feature in Sprint 1. I was given 2 
tasks; Ask Question and Answer Question. For most of the flexi week, I was unavailable to
work on this, however the team was making much progress with their sections by the end of
the week. I had started working on my tasks on Thursday and finished implementation on 
Saturday evening. Before beginning, I had refactored some code for View Post and Bid Form,
in alignment with our feedback from the Week 5 demo and our retrospective. Then, I had
implemented the Question and Answer feature for posts. Overall, I enjoyed working on these
tasks and this feeling was also shared amongst other team members. Looking forward to week 7
our team aims to clean up and finalise our product for the next demo, whilst also looking to
add some small features before the demo, if there is time.



-- Week 7 --
The start of week 7 went relatively smooth, with many tasks being completed. It was raised in
a team meeting that we were behind schedule and there were many tasks needed to be completed.
This was resolved by allocating more tasks around the team. We agreed to complete all the tasks
by early week 8 so we can prepare for the Demo 2. I implemented my tasks late in Week 7 and
also fixed a few bugs on the platform. Although there were slight hiccups in the implementation
process this week, things seem to have been cleared up and will be hopefully ready for another
strong Demo in Week 8


-- Week 8 --
In Week 8, the team finalised all the features for Sprint 2 and made the finishing touches. All
the features had undergone a full run-through before the Demo and the team were all satisfied
with its performance. The demo went smoothly, with much to show for Sprint 2 and a few notes
from the class tutor on suggestions for improvement and ideas moving forward. The Retrospective
meeting was held and the Retrospective B report was finalised and submitted at the end of the week.
New tasks were created in Jira for Sprint 3 and self-assignment has begun at the end of Week 8.


-- Week 9 --
In Week 9, the team made further progress in Sprint 3 and had agreed on finishing everything ASAP.
Everything seemed to run smoothly and I was on track to finishing my tasks before Monday Wk 10.
Alex had assigned parts of the final project report to everyone and we have already started preparing
for that. We also aim to run through a mock final demo sometime in Wk 10. This will require tasks to be
completed.


-- Week 10 --
Week 10 was spent finalising our project and pushing through the last few tasks. I had finished my tasks
on the weekend before so I spent most of my time reviewing pull requests, planning the project report and
reviewing the flow of our platform in preparations for the demo. The Final Demo on Thursday went very 
smootly and the feedback from Dr Suleiman was excellent. The project was an overall success.
